Anyway, what I gotta know is prices. Did you do
prices yet?
Yes.
Good. Because, I gotta What do you
call it? Peter's [PACE] a minority guy.
Yes. Right. I met his partner too, the guy Paul.
 He's looking to get rid of him.
Really? Some guy, Rotundi was his name. Paul?
Paul.
I don't know the guy.
'Cause I met him. I met his father. I met Peter
Sr. Your guy. Peter [PACE]. And this guy.
Yeah, Peter. Peter's my guy over there.And
over here I got a guy.He's got
all kinds of trucking responsibility. You
understand? But I. I want everything to
go to you. But this other stuff that we can't
handle . because this other job we do. I
don't know. You got all the trucks, right?
Yeah. I got a lot of . . I hire them all now.
 I mean I care about him, but you're the
one I want to do it.I want to see what he
says. There are going to be jobs that will come
up. But I don't want to use nobody but
you. If I don't have to use him, I don't want to
use him.
OK, thanks Unc.
I don't care, even if his prices are lower than
yours. Understand? But we gotta know what we're
doing.
Right.
First, he says he's going to talk to him.
And don't forget, 'cause not many people
know, 'cause I understand there might be a wise
guy on top. There may be a wise guy in there.
Oh yeah? Well I'll leave that to Peter and I'll
just stay in the background. That's all.
That's right.
Cover your mouth. You talk to the guy. . . . 
His name's Joe or something? From Brooklyn? You speak to the guy. He told me you know him . . .  
He's the guy that's giving you the job.
I don't know him. I introduced Peter to a guy.
He used to be . This is the guy that
gave Peter the job.
Yes.
But I didn't know that when Peter called me. And
he's actually friends with my dispatcher.
In other words I have no obligation to this
guy. But here's what I did. Big John is the
guy's name, that I introduced him to Peter,
because he can help Peter on the job. He runs the
safety. He's like the director of safety for the
company, for not Angelites, sounds like that name.
The guy Peter's. And he used to be
around Sammy and Peter and Bobby Zaza. He's
with 282, the guy. I met him through Tony O,
who's with that family also. You know, Gotti's
family. My arrangement with them is that we just
get along. . So what I did.There's
nobody. Here's what I said to John.I
stay away from that. Here's what I did, I said
John I want you to meet a guy that's like my kid
brother or my nephew. OK? And I said to John in
front of Peter, this guy is like blood to me, I
said, and his uncle is my uncle out of the Bronx.
I said very, very close. He said beautiful. He
said don't worry, he said, you're not going to
have a problem on this job. No matter what. So
then he told Peter, he told Peter to go inside and
tell them, to the owners, gee what do you, you got
that safety director is picking on me already,
like, in other words, so they don't know they're
close. So this way, Peter don't have nobody
busting his balls. All I did was share a contact
with Peter.
Alright, good.Somewhere down the line,
something comes up.They're not going to
bother us. You know how people are. I'm sure
there's somebody behind the whole thing. There's
no question in my mind. But that's not going to
happen.
I don't need to know that, I don't need to know
that, 'cause I got you to know that
That's right. I don't know you. I don't know
you. I know Peter, but I don't know you. You
understand? Not that I don't know you, but ...
Of course.
I tried to throw her off the roof
on Viewmont Avenue back in 1988. She was a fucking junkie,
right? So now. . she's fucking telling everybody that I'm
gonna come rob everybody, set me up with the neighborhood, right?
So I brought her up to the fucking roof about six stories, it was
fucking, I hung her off the fucking side of the roof.
I would have fucking been there last week
cracking this guy in the fucking head. I swear to God.
Give, give me his fucking office , gimme where
he lives .
Yeah, I'll go.
And I'll go there.
I'll go myself. Give me his home address.
Then what you need me for?
I don't need you.
OK, go ahead. Go to fucking jail.
Give me the guy's.
address.
give me his fucking home
"even if he's not there, the message
will be sent. The guy better get a hold of you. Alright, so
we'll get somebody over there right away and he'll go as many
times as necessary. In a subsequent conversation, Mazzella told"
John Doe, If there's ever any place where we can squeeze·
somebody else for bread. . let's do that too.
