gambling debts something to be scared about, beef,club, responsible to John [Ambrosio] for what happens there. fix by the time we’re done fucking [him], he’s not going to have an office to play anywhere. show [him] who we are shut them out the little spots that he goes to. open his ass up. week to go and make the rounds for the fucking, seven fucking miserable stops we got. [o]h, you didn’t tell him you was uh, who you were? tell him who [his] friends are.
little mother fucker tomorrow. straighten him out, believe me, you know John? I haven't had fucking fight since my hip went out on me, but I'm gonna put him in his place. [w]hen I get my hands around your fucking neck, everything is going to pop out of your ears, fuck you and your son. [j]ust so you know, I told Tommy we didn’t get any money from either of those 2 guys Pete or Mike. I told him mark has to go in and confront Pete. Far to many different stories. So don’t let him play you. We didn’t get nothing. To late for Mike. f you don’t give me my fucking money…I don’t know if you know who I am and where I come from, but I promise you, you will never walk again. So get me my shit, or else I swear to God you’re done.
Listen, all your fucking excuses, I'm sick of
hearing them. That’s not how you do business
I know that, I know. I never did that. I'm learning
hard. You're learning hard... You teaching me, you
jerkoff! I'm telling you, I'm ready to make this fucking commitment today to pay the vig just to teach your fucking ass a lesson. Don't do this to me, you cocksucker…you make sure you get your ass there at eleven o'clock today and see my friend.
I don't wanna hear that shit…you been bullshittting from day one here…Listen...you bullshitting too much. I'm gonna tell you right now, you got it by six o'clock tonight, you call Tony. If you ain't got it by six o'clock tonight and tomorrow you don't have this money... I don't know what to fucking tell you, because I'm tired of this bullshit.
full of shit
You are supposed to have a check. Where
is the check?
I am telling you everything the truth.
You can't be telling the truth because the
guy didn't pay you. What's the next thing you are going to say?
Yeah, listen…listen let's forget everything... Just do me a favor, you fucked me and you fucked me real good. You fucked me with a smile and everything else. Now I'm going to tell you what…You don't have my money today I'm going to fuck you. Okay? Alright?... Hello! You know what…I been paying your fucking juice now, for three weeks. I been paying your fucking juice for three weeks…I'm at the point right now that I'm going to take this fucking debt and I'm gonna make it good and I don't give a fuck if I go back to prison... I will fucking make you feel the fucking pain.
look at the book,
$5,883.
put the date next to each person that wins.
what’s happening…anybody there?
Richie won hundred and eighty Oscar two fifty and one eighty. He put everything in machine number four…Tony came early. When I got there he won four hundred fifty two …There’s money there. The money is there, more than that.
ou know football is coming, so you better come to this fucking club.
I'm going to make an arrangement with him. We're going to meet next week for dinner. I want to show him the place and everything. He use to run his own games, but he use to bankroll it. I told him, “you don't bankroll it.” I said, “my guys will bankroll it, you just bring the players.” Right?
Absolutely.
Alright, done.
Absolutely. Set it up.
He said he use to run 30, 30 thousand 50 thousand games a night.
Yeah, without a doubt. Let’s put it together, buddy.
Done. I'm in his place right now.
take the cash for me? I think John’s gotta see you. Sanrdo is on his way to your place.
Tey call me when you can, mgm closed us. I am taking care of that now. call me they shut down.
I don't know what happened, but he says he's gonna get you set up don't worry about it.
Allright because we have a bunch, then we have like pending players too.
Whatever it is though, he says don't worry about
it you're gonna get what you got coming and you’re gonna be open.
what time can we see? ot till later I gotta go out far to collect. ust giving you a heads up, Frankie will be out here late this afternoon with your new code, and your money. going to see today, just seen Frankie, now everything is correct for tomorrow.
Cincinnati + 160 Cincinnati plus one and a half runs Los angeles angels plus 1 and a half. Tampa Bay - 104 Miami over seven and a half Tampa Bay + 119 Yankees + 130 Yankees plus one and a half. Play Boston and yankees for 4th of July. I'll call you tuesday ok Baltimore+120 San Francisco-217 And UNDER 7. right here and save gas money.
But Frank eh if if I paid for like ah say a
hundred grams or let’s say three…
Oh then I can work with you.
Frank break a couple off the brick
Bro if  pays us up front now can
you do better.
Best we can do is 2760…That's 40 each
can't do better than that
Okay done, plus i got what he owed us.
has got that thing runs with some really nice guys three brothers straightened out
get one of those things tomorrow. Tommy just called me, you know. He wants one. you're talking about the same thing like, right?
Aight, you want to meet me, I'll go over there
right now and I'll straighten that out.
 Nah, nah. Just...
I thought it... I was right there when he cut that.
Nah, I just, I just, I just put it on. It's 25 and a
half.
e told me to stop at his house now and he will give me the 4 to give you. I will be there. I will call you before i come your way. I ripped him a new asshole thats twice he got over in me. He has to have his beam set wrong.
still keeping in contact with Frankie,
Are you still keeping in contact with Frankie?
Absolutely.
I wanted to call him, one of my good buddies who fucking moves a shit load of fucking shit. He had a hook down in Cali and someone is sour with his guy and he's not answering anymore. I wanted to work something out with Frankie.
was looking at 10,000 of them Z and 
bars.
call..as soon as get a hold of Joey:
He definitely called me last night, and he told
he'll see me today for that. The only thing is he's not looking for all of that.
Alright
And he told me Tony you give me a week I'll
take the rest of it.
Okay.
If you can handle it that way, fine. He's good at it
you know.
I could be good with that let's just see how many of the tiles he's gonna take, that's all thats fine.
