By Thursday, by Thursday I want answers. By Thursday I want
real answers, I don’t want no bullshit answers, I want real
fucking answers.
Can’t put pressure on this kid. Well, he can a little bit. Then
the other guy can you can’t just to get him a little
scared.
Why can’t I put pressure?
Well, that’s if ...
What?
Why can’t I put pressure on him?
You can’t put pressure on.
Why not?
He’s worried about you turning him into a rat ...
Oh, god.
He’s afraid of you, bro.
Bro, he’ll freak the fuck out, cry to your brother, your brother
will freak the fuck out, say something to your father, your father
will say something to you.
So what?
It’s just, it’s gonna make it sticky ...
I can tell you right now, I am not gonna do with him what
you’re doing with Matt. Because I’m gonna fucking rip that kid
a new asshole in three seconds, in three seconds ... cause he, if I
don’t hear what I want to hear, already I’m thinking, I got to be
honest with you I’m already thinking that, with money that we
are all talking about, we’re never gonna see it.
I don’t believe that.
I really feel strong about that ...
I do believe this, I do believe this, they, he got, the whole thing
is “My lawyer’s controlling the money and he’s gonna wire
transfer me money.” I believe his lawyer did give him some
money and like you said he used it to keep his business going or
his house, whatev, he used the money.
I’m gonna tell you right now, I’m gonna tell him if we don’t get
our money right away, I want to know when we’re getting our, I
don’t want to hear this few week bullshit. I want to know when
we are getting our fucking money and at some point, at some
point, I’m gonna put him in a coma, I’m gonna go on vacation,
go far away, go sit on a beach somewhere, put him in a fucking
coma on a respirator.
I got arrested for junk.
There was a lot of things that’s, um, not
only a junk case. It was racketeering ... We had everything,
murder, you name it, we hung it.
You did five years or something?
I did five ...
Your father did fifteen.
No, my father did seven. I had a seven year sentence, but I was
facing twenty-five, my father was facing life.