the rat is dead, 
the only connection, the only tie to 
anything.
Oh boy. Yeah, Sal, you wanna know something though? . That's one that I know you can't take credit for ... [laughter] . and that's the natural best thing. You know what I mean? . That is so like Enron-ish. You know what I mean? Kenneth Lay, he bailed out and took a heart attack. 
you're killing me. 
the detail shows up . . . on the card,
then said, you gotta kill it . not the money, just how we're doin' it. 
burn it . . . we could say . . . we got it lost . . . or somebody that we fired had it. 
check card that's in that company, I'm gonna burn myself.... All the detail is showin' up. What never lies? The paper. I rather would have seen a $5,000 check to JOHN MAXWELL as an advance, a loan, whatever, and let him take the money and do what he wants with it.
did you do the master invoice, like I said?  we could charge it off against the expenses and it's not a problem, unless it was, you know, stuff that was incurred legitimately 
you've gotta close your ear. Now listen to me. This is coming from our friend from back Jersey... and it's gotta be executed without a flaw, without a hesitation, without a second to waste. I don't care what you gotta do, I don't care how you do it, but before the close of the day, I want these guys bought, sold, and voted.
Get back to the office NOW . . . Nobody wants to come back north and explain that we lost this because of this bullshit. Right, I got it.
You, yourself, individually, go back, find these people's names and numbers ... get on the phone. I don't care if they're in a funeral parlor, I don't care if they're in a doctor's office, I don't care if they're in a f**kin' hospital on a respirator, we'll send somebody there, I want their vote, I want their signature, and I want it done by the close of the day today. Done. 
Well the official position of the company is 'do it!' 
I am not suggesting for a moment that, in a substantive level, things have to change. 
We just have to figure out how to dress it up the best. A debacle. MAXWELL can't run a meeting. Figurehead. Our public face, we got a problem. 
call, McCARTHY  but if someone were to ask . . who's sort of out front on a lot of things, there's a name that would come up .That's what we're trying to avoid.Right. 
We just gotta figure out a way, because I've been the driving force on getting everything to the point where it is right now . . . and a lot of those guys are lost ... so without me, it's a little rough. Nobody knows how to direct these attorneys and accountants ... better than I do.
FirstPlus Financial Group, on the recommendation of special counsel through its consultant Seven Hills [is recommending] . . . the acquisition of [a mortgage company]. 
I know how to do that. When you want to make a deal I want you to make a deal. I'm not going to create any problems. 
The head of the mortgage company drank the Jim Jones juice so he believes in the story that when the stock becomes fifty dollars, he's got a $125 million. 
a chance to comment on the purchase agreement, in his role as securites counsel. Absolutely. I want to be somewhat more rigorous in that agreement than we were in the other two deals. think those agreements were fine, ... but now we're dealing, we're outside the family here and everything's gotta be buttoned down tight.
I need someone at the FirstPlus end of the world to talk to about a few things. Me and Bill Handley can do it with ya'. No, well, don't want you doing it cause you're selling to me .... No disrespect, but ... you understand what I'm saying. 
The letter looks fine with the changes that Nick made. In effect, by removing  from the first letter, it makes it a two step process. This will give an opportunity to bring it to her personally and give her more of a sense of power over the final job offer.
want[ing] to touch bases (sic) really with Bill ahh, about the job and some new 
developments up here ... 
I had Gary send everything for Learned Associates, me and Gary discussed it, over to Donny Manno under attorney privilege confidential information. Your records are now sealed under attorney client privileged and~... Gary's pretty slick. You know, he thought of that. With approval of what had done, said, [l]ayers upon layers like an onion. 
Very concerned about the insurance for the boat. Concerned about the name under which the insurance was listed. It might be okay for the logo, but when ... they're ready to pay a claim, who the f**k is P and S Charters? The insurance policy also listed as the insured party. That's the last thing I want, my name on there. 
Paid seven hundred and fifteen thousand for the house . . put two hundred and fifteen thousand in cash down. You know how it works. Umrn, even though I still have the ability to afford things through different entities Right. The ability through her future husband and everything that's goin' on to afford the mortgage. How do I, what can I do income-wise to help her on these returns that have not been filed yet, to be able to substantiate or support a mortgage for ahh five hundred thousand? 
maybe '06 at hundred and thirty. '07 at ahh a hundred and sixty. And then a letter umm stating '08 income will be, '08 income's projected to be the same. 
Can you throw some interest income? Yeah, how much? Yeah, 500 bucks just to get to 160. Okay.
also submitted in support of the mortgage for which MURRAY-was attempting to qualify. 
It's official. Thank you for helping get to this point. I am a happy man. Listen JP will be contacting you in the morning to transfer funds. Please [get] with him. I want to see the transfer take place tomorrow. Goodnight and I'm on my honeymoon. 
We don't want to hand over the trust. No, we're not gonna give them the trust.
two pairs 
of those size nine shoes. Absolutely.
Snorkeling equipment and, uh, some of those, uh, spear guns. You're gonna go snorkelin'?  Listen, follow me, I'll tell you when I see ya. 
You know honest to 
God we're good six to ten months off from being able to help everybody. . you know, you'll get, you'll get explained about it. I wanna know when it's complete. yeah because ahh, you know especially Uncle Vic man, [o]h yeah without a 
doubt. 
Iron fist in a velvet glove, there's no iron fist in the velvet glove right now, it just has to be a velvet glove right now. 
in a about a year or two, when ... we're talking total financial supremacy, ... then that's where the iron fist comes in. 
I talked to Nicky, I know where you're at. I hope all is well and ahh, give our friend ahh a big hello for me. you had a good visit today? yeah it was a great visit, hello. I let him know all the help and support you're givin' us .  
we crushed them. congratulations brother. it was all upon your direction ... and the only people that can f**k it up now is us. talk to your pop and let him know, I'll let you do the honors, like last time. 
Know you won't get this till iu get out from ur visit . but it is important for me for u to know how absolutely fond I am to his cases . . . truly wish I could see him regularly . . one of the best things that happened to my family was to know u sooner. maybe I could have gotten uncle nick out sooner and kept u and the family a little safer ... see u. 
The two groups were rats and the younger ones are glorified rats by proxy . As far as I'm concerned their [sic] all lying 
rats. 
we gotta follow this guy
just because they didn't see you and I try to enforce that, it was, you know, you behind the scenes, and I was just a conduit, . . . through you, to make sure that things got done the way we planned to get them done.
